And now let's talk about yoga. Whenever there was
talk of yoga, it was considered limited to India,
but now the whole world is adopting yoga. A
special inclination towards yoga is being seen in Switzerland too. A very special
report: The tradition of
celebrating International Yoga Day, which
started on June 21 last year, is now going to enter its second year.
Last time, on the
occasion of International Yoga Day,
a program was organized on Rajpath,
whose echo was heard all over the world, and
Switzerland was also not untouched by its impact.
While the youth program held last time had garnered a lot of attention in Switzerland,
this time too,
special emphasis is being given to preparations to make this program a success.
I look forward to doing that and I am also very happy that this
Yoga Day
is happening in Switzerland all over the
world and that yoga is now getting more
popular all over the world. I think it's a
great initiative. Yoga was always popular, but now it has got that
official stamp and
people are  Joining in large numbers and
everybody teachers of Switzerland of Bern
and we celebrated on the main place of the
city in Bern practicing since childhood because it was a
part of the school curriculum
in India and or teaching also since some
years but not at the age of Wilfred
probably for Yoga Day
Indian Embassy in Bern is also preparing in collaboration with the Yoga school got a very
good
response from the Yoga practicing
community we are associating lot of people are going to do
a public Yoga event at which we are
expecting large numbers we are also going to
illustrate the Yoga poses
with a Kathak practitioner here who has agreed
to explain how Yoga influences Indian
classical dance and her Swiss origin she is done work
in the Banaras school
Yoga's popularity is continuously increasing all over the world from
East to West and North
to South the power of Yoga is being seen everywhere in the
country  No, people in foreign countries are also becoming
aware of the benefits of yoga.
Munmun Bhattacharya, DD News,
Switzerland.
Yes, that means yoga is in vogue all over the world
and 21st June is Yoga Day. This will be the second Yoga
Day. So, the vogue was seen in India last year and it was seen
all over the world.